@title		2: Getting there
@date		12th August 2014
@inset		Waterbeach.JPG
@markdown
Virginia took me to Waterbeach station, and I caught the 7.57am
train to Kings Cross. 1st class didn't seem too different to 2nd class,
but I at least got a seat and room for my larger case. I then
navigated to St Pancras and found reaching the Eurostar train
rather like reaching the airplane for a flight - check-in and baggage
and passpot control queues to wait one's way through. I worried
about losing the magic sheet of paper for the e-Ticket from
[Deutsche Bahn](https://www.bahn.com/en/view/index.shtml).

Crowded in the waiting room, at least a stampede for a Disneyworld
train left some seats spare. First class in the Eurostar was very
comfortable, quiet, not crowded, breakfast included (albeit
lunchtime). We stopped at Ebbsfleet and then I assume went
through the Channel Tunnel with no fanfare. Strong rain lashed the
train, raindrops crawled horizontally along the windows. An easy
train change at Brussels Midi station, though carriage 29 was not
covered from the rain!  On the ICE train the carriages each had
a carriage number on a digital display, at first I though each
carriage was numbered 2!

@inset		IceTrain.JPG
@markdown
The ICE train had quiet compartments, I should have decamped to one
as I found I was sitting close to a whimpering child. The journey
passed anyway. We arrived at Cologne Hauptbahnhof at the
appointed hour, and I found my way to the
[Hotel Berg](http://www.hotelberg.de/english/) where I was residing.
Large door key which one left on leaving the hotel. I had something
edible at the station Macdonalds, with flies for company, got
postcards done, verified phone and Wifi access worked.
