Films/Science_Fiction/escape_from_ny.md, before:

![Escape from New York](escape_from_ny.jpg)

| | |
|-|-|
Film|[Escape from New York](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082340/)
Country|USA
Director|John Carpenter
Year|1981
Cast|Kurt Russell, Lee Van Cleef, Ernest Borgnine
Details|Colour 99 mins

The directory John Carpenter also wrote the story and the music.
The music is great, minimal but mood-setting for the dark relentless
storyline.  The music is a star of the film.

The plot has a criminal (Kurt Russell) sent into the future max security prison of
Manhattan Island to rescue the President.  The President's plane was
hijacked, and crashed into the Manhattan skyline in an uncanny
foreshadowing of real history.  On a tiny budget Carpenter
creates a dark Manhattan for his dark story.

What could have been a minor low-budget quest film is lifted by the
strong cast (Donald Pleasance plays the President), by the story-line
and setting, and by the ending.  At the climax the President shows the
Duke who's boss in no uncertain terms, and Snake Plissken asks the
President how he feels about all those who died to get him out.

I can still hear the music running through my head.

Commit message:

Move metadata into front matter from YAML files

Films/Science_Fiction/escape_from_ny.md, after:

---
title: Escape from New York
images:
- path: escape_from_ny.jpg
  tag: Escape from New York
---
![Escape from New York](escape_from_ny.jpg)

| | |
|-|-|
Film|[Escape from New York](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0082340/)
Country|USA
Director|John Carpenter
Year|1981
Cast|Kurt Russell, Lee Van Cleef, Ernest Borgnine
Details|Colour 99 mins

The directory John Carpenter also wrote the story and the music.
The music is great, minimal but mood-setting for the dark relentless
storyline.  The music is a star of the film.

The plot has a criminal (Kurt Russell) sent into the future max security prison of
Manhattan Island to rescue the President.  The President's plane was
hijacked, and crashed into the Manhattan skyline in an uncanny
foreshadowing of real history.  On a tiny budget Carpenter
creates a dark Manhattan for his dark story.

What could have been a minor low-budget quest film is lifted by the
strong cast (Donald Pleasance plays the President), by the story-line
and setting, and by the ending.  At the climax the President shows the
Duke who's boss in no uncertain terms, and Snake Plissken asks the
President how he feels about all those who died to get him out.

I can still hear the music running through my head.
