Diary/2014/Azura/unboarding.md, before:

![Our table in the Oriental Restaurant on Azura](our_table.JPG)
There's good and bad about this cruise and the *Azura*.  The staff work very hard, and
are very friendly.  [P&amp;O](https://www.pocruises.com/) went the extra mile for Virginia. She's avoiding dairy and each
day got the menu for the next day so the chefs could prepare suitable versions of the dishes.
Other people had potassium free diets and similar. The food was plentiful and good,
I treated myself to porridge with golden syrup in the mornings and to four course dinners.

We met some nice people including our table of six. Of the plusses with [P&amp;O](https://www.pocruises.com/) is that they choose
where you sit if you eat in the formal restaurants, and one day we sat with a professional dance
instructor.  He had been involved with the [BBC](https://www.bbc.co.uk/)'s "Strictly Come Dancing", and was very
interesting on that topic.

![Java bar](java_bar.JPG)
I did quite a bit of time reading, and want to read more of [Brandon Sanderson](https://brandonsanderson.com).  His
"Rithmatist" I really enjoyed, an imaginative magical system.

On the down side there are no quiet places on board - there are a lot of areas but all
have muzak blaring away.  The Planet Bar might have done but Virginia found it too dark in evening
for her Kindle, and during the day golf or other activities like choir practice took it over.
So we never really found anywhere decent to sit where I could just sip sherry and sip a book.

![The miniscule library on Azura](library.JPG)
The library was vestigial - perhaps killed off by the Kindle?  The entertainment felt dumbed down,
there was no classical music for instance.

The sheer number of people caused problems, for example we couldn't see the captain at the captain's
reception.  [P&amp;O](https://www.pocruises.com/) by choosing to go for bigger ships may be having to cut costs in order
to fill their Atlassian argosies.

Commit message:

Move metadata into front matter from YAML files

Diary/2014/Azura/unboarding.md, after:

---
title: Off boarding
date: October 1st 2014
images:
- path: glass_house.JPG
  tag: Glass House bar and eaterie on Azura
- path: java_bar.JPG
  tag: Java bar
- path: bar_appliances.JPG
  tag: Appliances behind a bar
- path: our_table.JPG
  tag: Our table in the Oriental Restaurant on Azura
- path: dispensers.JPG
  tag: Dispensers for salt and pepper and sugar
- path: atrium_repair.JPG
  tag: The Azura atrium floor needed repair by the end of the cruise
- path: flowers.JPG
  tag: It's all about money from one angle
- path: library.JPG
  tag: The miniscule library on Azura
- path: oriental.JPG
  tag: The Oriental Restaurant on Azura
- path: stairwell.JPG
  tag: The art adorned stairwells
---
![Our table in the Oriental Restaurant on Azura](our_table.JPG)
There's good and bad about this cruise and the *Azura*.  The staff work very hard, and
are very friendly.  [P&amp;O](https://www.pocruises.com/) went the extra mile for Virginia. She's avoiding dairy and each
day got the menu for the next day so the chefs could prepare suitable versions of the dishes.
Other people had potassium free diets and similar. The food was plentiful and good,
I treated myself to porridge with golden syrup in the mornings and to four course dinners.

We met some nice people including our table of six. Of the plusses with [P&amp;O](https://www.pocruises.com/) is that they choose
where you sit if you eat in the formal restaurants, and one day we sat with a professional dance
instructor.  He had been involved with the [BBC](https://www.bbc.co.uk/)'s "Strictly Come Dancing", and was very
interesting on that topic.

![Java bar](java_bar.JPG)
I did quite a bit of time reading, and want to read more of [Brandon Sanderson](https://brandonsanderson.com).  His
"Rithmatist" I really enjoyed, an imaginative magical system.

On the down side there are no quiet places on board - there are a lot of areas but all
have muzak blaring away.  The Planet Bar might have done but Virginia found it too dark in evening
for her Kindle, and during the day golf or other activities like choir practice took it over.
So we never really found anywhere decent to sit where I could just sip sherry and sip a book.

![The miniscule library on Azura](library.JPG)
The library was vestigial - perhaps killed off by the Kindle?  The entertainment felt dumbed down,
there was no classical music for instance.

The sheer number of people caused problems, for example we couldn't see the captain at the captain's
reception.  [P&amp;O](https://www.pocruises.com/) by choosing to go for bigger ships may be having to cut costs in order
to fill their Atlassian argosies.
