@gallery
cruise/aurora.JPG		The Aurora
cruise/at_gibraltar.JPG		The Aurora at Gibraltar
cruise/cabin.JPG		Our cabin
cruise/inclement_weather.JPG		Looking out of our cabin during inclement weather
cruise/cabin2.JPG		Our cabin
cruise/bathroom.JPG		Our bathroom
cruise/sink.JPG		Our sink
cruise/hallway.JPG		Our hallway
cruise/cleaning.JPG		Cleaning automaton
cruise/staircase.JPG		Staircase view
cruise/sickbag.JPG		For inclement weather
cruise/bookings.JPG		Where to book more cruises
cruise/atrium.JPG		The atrium
cruise/me_atrium.JPG		Me at atrium base
cruise/medina.JPG		The Medina restaurant
cruise/cafe_bordeaux.JPG		Cafe Bordeaux
cruise/alexandria.JPG		Alexandria restaurant
cruise/sidewalk_cafe.JPG		Sidewalk cafe
cruise/pennant_grill.JPG		Pennant Grill
cruise/galleys.JPG		The galleys on board ship
cruise/laundrette.JPG		Laundrette
cruise/shop.JPG		Virginia in one of the many shops
cruise/library.JPG		Library
cruise/cyber_study.JPG		Cyb@Study
cruise/ginny_on_internet.JPG		Virginia on Internet
cruise/top_of_ship.JPG		Top of ship
cruise/radio.JPG		Radio / radar
cruise/top2.JPG		Top of ship
cruise/aft.JPG		Looking aft
cruise/pool.JPG		Pool
cruise/promenade.JPG		Promenade deck
cruise/lifeboat.JPG		Lifeboat
cruise/lifeboat_floats.JPG		Lifeboat - it floats!
cruise/window_washing.JPG		Window washing
cruise/masquerade.JPG		Masquerade
cruise/champions.JPG		Champions
cruise/carmens.JPG		Carmens
cruise/aft_pools.JPG		Aft of ship
cruise/atrium_top.JPG		Atrium top
cruise/casino.JPG		Casino
cruise/photo_shop.JPG		Photo shop
cruise/mayfair.JPG		Mayfair shop
cruise/more_shops.JPG		More shops
cruise/passengers_ready.JPG		Passengers ready to go ashore
egypt/giza.JPG		Giza with pyramids in distance
egypt/pyramids1.JPG		Pyramids
egypt/pyramids2.JPG		More pyramids
egypt/pyramids3.JPG		Pyramid
egypt/sphinx1.JPG		Sphinx
egypt/sphinx2.JPG		Sphinx
cyprus/aphrodite_born.JPG		Where Aphrodite was born in Cyprus
cyprus/paphos_mosaics.JPG		Paphos mosaics
cyprus/paphos_mosaics2.JPG		Paphos mosaic
cyprus/paphos_mosaics3.JPG		Paphos mosaic
cyprus/paphos_ginny.JPG		Virginia at Paphos
cyprus/paphos_mosaics4.JPG		Paphos mosaic
cyprus/paphos_site.JPG		Paphos site
cyprus/paphos_harbour.JPG		Paphos harbour
cyprus/paphos_me.JPG		Me at Paphos harbour
rhodes/lindos_look_down.JPG		Looking down at Lindos
rhodes/lindos_acropolis.JPG		Lindos Acropolis
rhodes/lindos_town.JPG		Lindos town
rhodes/lindos_ginny.JPG		Virginia at Lindos Acropolis
rhodes/lindos_sculpture.JPG		Lindos sculpture
rhodes/lindos_cats.JPG		Cats at Lindos
rhodes/lindos_tablecloths.JPG		Tablecloth sales people
rhodes/lindos_town2.JPG		Lindos town
rhodes/lindos_town3.JPG		Lindos town
rhodes/lindos_town4.JPG		Lindos town
rhodes/lindos_town5.JPG		Lindos town
rhodes/lindos_town6.JPG		Lindos town
rhodes/lindos_town7.JPG		Lindos town
rhodes/crusader_castle.JPG		Rhodes Crusader castle
rhodes/crusader_castle2.JPG		Rhodes Crusader castle
rhodes/crusader_castle3.JPG		Rhodes Crusader castle
rhodes/rhodes.JPG		Rhodes
rhodes/rhodes_from_ship.JPG		Rhodes from ship
ephesus/ep_v_mary.JPG		Virgin Mary's house at Ephesus
ephesus/ep_wishes.JPG		Wishes here
ephesus/ep_columns.JPG		Array of columns
ephesus/ep1.JPG		Ephesus
ephesus/ep2.JPG		Ephesus
ephesus/ep3.JPG		Ephesus
ephesus/ep_healer.JPG		Ephesus - healer's sign
ephesus/ep_oz.JPG		Ephesus - our guide Oz
ephesus/ep_nike.JPG		Ephesus - Nike statue
ephesus/ep4.JPG		Ephesus
ephesus/ep5.JPG		Ephesus
ephesus/ep_cat.JPG		Ephesus - one of the many cats
ephesus/ep6.JPG		Ephesus
ephesus/ep7.JPG		Ephesus
ephesus/ep_medusa.JPG		Ephesus - carving of Medusa
ephesus/ep_latrine.JPG		Ephesus - communal latrine
ephesus/ep_lib1.JPG		Ephesus - library
ephesus/ep_lib2.JPG		Ephesus - library
ephesus/ep_lib3.JPG		Ephesus - library
ephesus/ep_amphitheatre.JPG		Ephesus - amphitheatre
ephesus/ep8.JPG		Ephesus
ephesus/ep9.JPG		Ephesus
ephesus/ep_harbour.JPG		Ephesus - way to harbour
ephesus/ep10.JPG		Ephesus
ephesus/ep11.JPG		Ephesus
ephesus/basilica.JPG		St John's Basilica
ephesus/basilica_ginny.JPG		St John's Basilica
ephesus/basilica2.JPG		St John's Basilica
ephesus/basilica_baptistry.JPG		St John's Basilica - bapistry
ephesus/basilica3.JPG		St John's Basilica
ephesus/artemis.JPG		Status of Artemis
ephesus/carpet_weaver.JPG		Turkish carpet weaver
athens/parthenon.JPG		Parthenon
athens/athens_acropolis.JPG		Athens Acropolis
athens/parthenon2.JPG		Parthenon
athens/parthenon3.JPG		Parthenon
athens/parthenon4.JPG		Parthenon
gibraltar/gib1.JPG		Gibraltar
gibraltar/gib2.JPG		Gibraltar
gibraltar/gib3.JPG		Gibraltar
