@gallery
cabin.JPG		Virginia in our cabin
sundeck.JPG		Less carbon than a plane
microwave.JPG		More ship ornamentation
pool.JPG		Swim all the way to Norway?
corridor.JPG		Corridor outside our cabin
passenger_deck.JPG		Main passenger deck
bar_area.JPG		The bar area on the ship
stairwell.JPG		Stairwell on the Artemis
lounge.JPG		One of the ship's lounges
walkway.JPG		On the main passenger deck
organ.JPG		Organ in Stavanger Cathedral
old_stavanger.JPG		Old Stavanger
three_swords.JPG		The Three Swords
flam.JPG		Flam
flam_valley.JPG		Flam valley
waterfall.JPG		Nature reigns
station.JPG		Vatnalhausen Station
train.JPG		Flamsbana
artemis_at_flam.JPG		Artemis docked at Flam
olden_rocks.JPG		Rocks in Olden
walk_glacier.JPG		Walk to the Glacier
ice_cubes.JPG		A lot of ice cubes there
ice_blue.JPG		The ice blue with cold
ice_gecko.JPG		An ice gecko
grieg.JPG		Grieg and I get on
