Games/RPG/avernum.md, before:

![Avernum: Escape from the Pit](Avernum.jpg)

[Avernum: Escape from the Pit](http://www.avernum.com/avernum/index.html)
(2012) is a remake of the remake of "Blades of Exiles" from
[Spiderweb Games](http://www.spiderwebsoftware.com/).
As such the game has been updated with new fresh graphics, easier navigation, a different skills system, and rewritten scenes and characters.

The bad Emperor Hawthorne (hiss boo) has cast your party into Avernum, which is a subterranean world where you will never see the light of day again.  You can choose a number of paths leading to revenge, or escape, or just surviving in your new home.  The gameworld of "Avernum" is huge, and there are a lot of NPCs with their own agendas.  Choose your friends and enemies well.

The game is played in an over the shoulder 3rd person isometric view.  The graphics are more than adequate for the kind of game - the strength of the game is in the hours of strategic gameplay one will have not the eye-candy.

More than other Spiderweb games a less skilled RPG gamer like myself can get through the game on the Casual setting to one of the endings.  A skilfully crafted indie RPG.

Commit message:

Move metadata into front matter from YAML files

Games/RPG/avernum.md, after:

---
title: 'Avernum: Escape from the Pit'
images:
- path: Avernum.jpg
  tag: 'Avernum: Escape from the Pit'
---
![Avernum: Escape from the Pit](Avernum.jpg)

[Avernum: Escape from the Pit](http://www.avernum.com/avernum/index.html)
(2012) is a remake of the remake of "Blades of Exiles" from
[Spiderweb Games](http://www.spiderwebsoftware.com/).
As such the game has been updated with new fresh graphics, easier navigation, a different skills system, and rewritten scenes and characters.

The bad Emperor Hawthorne (hiss boo) has cast your party into Avernum, which is a subterranean world where you will never see the light of day again.  You can choose a number of paths leading to revenge, or escape, or just surviving in your new home.  The gameworld of "Avernum" is huge, and there are a lot of NPCs with their own agendas.  Choose your friends and enemies well.

The game is played in an over the shoulder 3rd person isometric view.  The graphics are more than adequate for the kind of game - the strength of the game is in the hours of strategic gameplay one will have not the eye-candy.

More than other Spiderweb games a less skilled RPG gamer like myself can get through the game on the Casual setting to one of the endings.  A skilfully crafted indie RPG.
