@gallery
preboarding/p01_inn.JPG		Holiday Inn in Southampton
preboarding/p02_mottisfont.JPG		Mottisfont House
preboarding/p03_ginny.JPG		Virginia at Mottisfont
preboarding/p04_spring.JPG		The Mottisfont font or spring
preboarding/p05_flowers.JPG		Flowers in the walled garden
preboarding/p06_centre.JPG		Centre of walled garden
preboarding/p07_avenue.JPG		Avenue of trees at Mottisfont
oriana/p08_band.JPG		Brass band sendoff for the Oriana
oriana/p09_cabin.JPG		Our cabin on the Oriana
oriana/p10_books.JPG		The books I brought to read on the voyage
oriana/p11_atrium.JPG		The atrium on the Oriana
oriana/p12_roof.JPG		Roof of the atrium
oriana/p13_restaurant.JPG		The Peninsular restaurant where we dined
oriana/p14_restaurant.JPG		The Peninsular restaurant where we dined
oriana/p15_table.JPG		Our dinner table
oriana/p16_ocean.JPG		Ocean Grill
oriana/p17_us.JPG		Us at the Ocean Grill
oriana/p18_mushroom.JPG		Portobello Mushroom a la Marco Pierre White
oriana/p19_fountain.JPG		A chocolate fountain for the temptable
oriana/p20_library.JPG		The library on the Oriana
oriana/p21_andersons.JPG		Andersons
oriana/p22_ginny.JPG		Virginia in Andersons
oriana/p23_queen.JPG		Cake for the Queen's jubilee
oriana/p24_crows.JPG		Crows Nest bar
oriana/p25_promenade.JPG		Oriana promenade deck
ponta_delgada/p26_water.JPG		Pineapple cultivation on Sao Miguel island
ponta_delgada/p27_greenhouse.JPG		Pineapple greenhouse
ponta_delgada/p28_pineapple.JPG		A pineapple on its way to its fate
ponta_delgada/p29_statue.JPG		Statue at pineapple plantation
ponta_delgada/p30_art.JPG		Modern art at pineapple plantation
ponta_delgada/p31_sale.JPG		Pineapples for sale in various receptacles
ponta_delgada/p32_ribeira.JPG		Ribeira Grande
ponta_delgada/p33_fog.JPG		Lagoa del Fogo on a foggy day
ponta_delgada/p34_digger.JPG		Ribeira Grande
ponta_delgada/p35_white_hall.JPG		Ribeira Grande
horta/p36_whales.JPG		The doomed whale-watching expedition
horta/p37_faial.JPG		Faial island
funchal/p38_oriana.JPG		Oriana in Las Palmas, Madeira
funchal/p39_palmas.JPG		Las Palmas
funchal/p40_oriana.JPG		Oriana in Las Palmas, Madeira
funchal/p41_columbus.JPG		Columbus in Las Palmas
funchal/p42_reds.JPG		Las Palmas
funchal/p43_palmas.JPG		Las Palmas
funchal/p44_reids.JPG		Reids Hotel in Las Palmas
gran_canaria/p45_bandama.JPG		Bandama Caldera on Gran Canaria on a foggy day
gran_canaria/p46_teror.JPG		Teror on Gran Canaria
gran_canaria/p47_dragon.JPG		A Dragon Tree
gran_canaria/p48_iglesias.JPG		Iglesia de San Juan in Arucas
gran_canaria/p49_iglesias.JPG		Iglesia de San Juan
gran_canaria/p50_candles.JPG		Iglesia de San Juan
gran_canaria/p51_arucas.JPG		Arucas
gran_canaria/p52_hacienda.JPG		Banana hacienda on Gran Canaria
gran_canaria/p53_plantation.JPG		Banana hacienda on Gran Canaria
gran_canaria/p54_hacienda.JPG		Banana hacienda on Gran Canaria
gran_canaria/p55_bananas.JPG		Banana hacienda on Gran Canaria
gran_canaria/p56_ginny.JPG		Virginia at the Banana hacienda
lisbon/p57_lisbon.JPG		Lisbon from the Tagus river
lisbon/p58_lisbon.JPG		Lisbon from the Tagus river
lisbon/p59_oriana.JPG		Oriana at Lisbon
lisbon/p60_lisbon.JPG		Lisbon from the Tagus river
lisbon/p61_lisbon.JPG		Lisbon from the Tagus river
lisbon/p62_fountain.JPG		Fountain in Lisbon
lisbon/p63_park.JPG		Park in Lisbon
