Diary/2018/Toffee/index.md, before:

Virginia's family enjoy a special toffee made from a secret family recipe.
Virginia's grandmother on her father's side made it, and Virginia
now makes it as a must have treat for the Keel family Christmas.
We wouldn't be admitted to the Boxing Day Christmas ritual without
having brought it down from Cambridge.

(Virginia did discover the secret behind the secret family recipe,
that it's not a secret at all. It's
actually Everton Toffee from a recipe book by Hilda Elsie Marguerite Patten.)

![Golden syrup in the saucepan](P1390116.jpg)
![Sugar and butter added](P1390118.jpg)
![The molds ready with greasepaper underneath as the molds have small holes in them](P1390119.jpg)
![Stirring and heating the mixture](P1390121.jpg)
![The mixture nearly ready to cool in the molds](P1390122.jpg)
![Testing the mixture to see if ready for the molds](P1390123.jpg)
![Spooning the mixture into the molds](P1390125.jpg)
![Cooling in the molds](P1390126.jpg)
![Extracted from the molds ready for Boxing Day](P1390129.jpg)

Commit message:

Move metadata into front matter from YAML files

Diary/2018/Toffee/index.md, after:

---
title: The secret of the Keel family toffee
date: December 23rd 2018
images:
- path: P1390116.jpg
  tag: Golden syrup in the saucepan
- path: P1390118.jpg
  tag: Sugar and butter added
- path: P1390119.jpg
  tag: The molds ready with greasepaper underneath as the molds have small holes in
    them
- path: P1390121.jpg
  tag: Stirring and heating the mixture
- path: P1390122.jpg
  tag: The mixture nearly ready to cool in the molds
- path: P1390123.jpg
  tag: Testing the mixture to see if ready for the molds
- path: P1390125.jpg
  tag: Spooning the mixture into the molds
- path: P1390126.jpg
  tag: Cooling in the molds
- path: P1390129.jpg
  tag: Extracted from the molds ready for Boxing Day
---
Virginia's family enjoy a special toffee made from a secret family recipe.
Virginia's grandmother on her father's side made it, and Virginia
now makes it as a must have treat for the Keel family Christmas.
We wouldn't be admitted to the Boxing Day Christmas ritual without
having brought it down from Cambridge.

(Virginia did discover the secret behind the secret family recipe,
that it's not a secret at all. It's
actually Everton Toffee from a recipe book by Hilda Elsie Marguerite Patten.)

![Golden syrup in the saucepan](P1390116.jpg)
![Sugar and butter added](P1390118.jpg)
![The molds ready with greasepaper underneath as the molds have small holes in them](P1390119.jpg)
![Stirring and heating the mixture](P1390121.jpg)
![The mixture nearly ready to cool in the molds](P1390122.jpg)
![Testing the mixture to see if ready for the molds](P1390123.jpg)
![Spooning the mixture into the molds](P1390125.jpg)
![Cooling in the molds](P1390126.jpg)
![Extracted from the molds ready for Boxing Day](P1390129.jpg)
