Dining_out/phoenix_histon/index.md, before:

![The front of the Phoenix](DSCF4816.JPG)
*The Phoenix* was a superior Chinese
restaurant in Histon where we live.  It's where
we liked to go for special occasions.  Virginia and I
did make the mistake of going there once for
Valentine's Night and found ourselves sitting in a
typing pool of tables, where we couldn't but hear
the drunks at the next table.  Usually it was a very pleasant
experience.

We often went for a set menu, partly it was cheaper, partly
it saves mental effort!  I to be different ordered the
hot and sour soup (rather than the delicious chicken
and sweetcorn) and then suffered how hot and spicy it is.

![The area we normally eat in](IMG_2733.JPG)
The heart of the meal for me was the crispy fried duck,
making the pancakes with plum sauce and bamboo shoots
and the duck.  Yum yum yum.

For afters I went for the Peking pancakes.  The final bill
is a tidy amount, but eating at the Phoenix was a special
experience to me.

Sadly in 2019 the Phoenix as a Chinese restaurant closed its
doors. It has been re-opened as a bar cum cafe cum restaurant
which is better than being turned into housing.

Commit message:

Move metadata into front matter from YAML files

Dining_out/phoenix_histon/index.md, after:

---
title: The Phoenix, Histon
anchors:
- The Phoenix Bar & Restaurant
images:
- path: DSCF4816.JPG
  tag: The front of the Phoenix
- path: IMG_2733.JPG
  tag: The area we normally eat in
---
![The front of the Phoenix](DSCF4816.JPG)
*The Phoenix* was a superior Chinese
restaurant in Histon where we live.  It's where
we liked to go for special occasions.  Virginia and I
did make the mistake of going there once for
Valentine's Night and found ourselves sitting in a
typing pool of tables, where we couldn't but hear
the drunks at the next table.  Usually it was a very pleasant
experience.

We often went for a set menu, partly it was cheaper, partly
it saves mental effort!  I to be different ordered the
hot and sour soup (rather than the delicious chicken
and sweetcorn) and then suffered how hot and spicy it is.

![The area we normally eat in](IMG_2733.JPG)
The heart of the meal for me was the crispy fried duck,
making the pancakes with plum sauce and bamboo shoots
and the duck.  Yum yum yum.

For afters I went for the Peking pancakes.  The final bill
is a tidy amount, but eating at the Phoenix was a special
experience to me.

Sadly in 2019 the Phoenix as a Chinese restaurant closed its
doors. It has been re-opened as a bar cum cafe cum restaurant
which is better than being turned into housing.
