Virginia had been finding the house cold for more than a while. 	There's an air-brick in the lounge (we had a back-boiler) which 	lets in ventilation from outside. The back-boiler had been needing 	attention more and more it seemed. So British Gas got booked up to 	come to do the boiler replacement (more expensive but you get what 	you pay for.) Tried to get more quotes but only one other company 	bothered to provide one.

The parts were delivered on Saturday ready for the Monday morning 	on which the gasman came to call. We had signed up for a new hot 	water cylinder as well as a new boiler, but the parts took up less 	space than I expected. The gas engineer turned up on the dot, and 	started checking out the territory, leaving the front door open as 	he popped in and out. A few minutes later we could only find one 	rather than two cats.

Not a good situation. We hunted through the house, no sign of 		Amelia who I still call a kitten even though she's now three years 	old. Both Virginia and I ranged around the nearby streets, calling 	out, no joy. I could see Amelia having fled out and hidden herself 	somewhere, way out of sight. What were we going to tell the breeder 	we had got Amelia from? That we had lost one of her kittens? In the 	end Virginia had to take Tabitha alone to the cattery while I 		manned base camp as the engineer worked away.

Happily I checked over the house again, and this time peering into 	the storage space inside the spare bed saw a head. Amelia had 		managed to squeeze herself in among the boxes inside the spare bed, 	where it seemed impossible to squeeze. Getting her into the carrier 	was a bit of a struggle, I had to almost pour her into it, relying 	on gravity to overcome a feline reluctance. As Virginia made a 		second trip to the cattery with the recaptured prisoner I got to 	work even later.

When I got back the house was swathed in dust covers, and complete 	with warning signs about enter at your own risk. But the new boiler 	was installed in the study cupboard (which I shall miss, I had 		quite some stuff stashed in there.) The new hot water cylinder had 	replaced the old one. The gas fire in the lounge was now just an 	ornament which is a shame, that was nice to have on when we were 	just in the lounge and didn't need to heat everywhere. But all 		seemed to be going to plan. Until midnight on Tuesday.

I came downstairs late on Tuesday to find water dripping through 	the lounge ceiling, and a sodden carpet. We did what we could but 	it was already too late. The lounge ceiling now has interesting 	yellow and brown smudges on it, the lounge carpet is even more 		stained than it was before. The gas engineer told us that an olive 	had given way when he had been putting in the new hot water cylinder.

I learnt later that an olive is a special ring of malleable metal 	which plumbers use to seal joints rather than soldering as it's 	quicker. The olive grips hard as it is tightened - but is prone to 	deforming and leaking later. At least British Gas said that their 	insurance should cover it - we wait and see.
