Diary/2013/japan_holiday/japan_return.md, before:

![Lockers in Osaka](p139_lockers.JPG)
Time to leave Japan.  The worst scrum for breakfast so far
in the New Hankyu.  Two together would mean one could hold a
table while the other fetched stuff.  Dire.  Saw European women
who hadn't worked out how to use the orange juice dispensers -
they put the glass down and then by hand pressed the metal bar.

Caught the airport coach from just by the hotel to the
well designed and artistic Kansai Airport.  For some reason
the Japanese called the coach a limousine.  After getting through
the formalities with no fuss I went shopping.  Got a selection
of biscuits to take to work then found a better selection so
wasted some money there - but I was using up the Yen I had.

![Kansai Airport in Osaka](p140_kansai.JPG)
It was a good flight from Kansai to Paris - I had a row of three
seats to myself!  The flight was perhaps 75% full.  And I could
have the Japanese option on the meal.  Didn't need to
take any neurofen to see me through to London where Mr Nelson senior
was there to bring me safely home.

Conclusions.  I greatly enjoyed myself.  Taking a tablet like my iPad
worked well, and people were using them sensibly as cameras.
Japan is easier than I thought for English speakers to get around.
There's a lot more to see in Japan than I managed, but to see it
you need to know the ropes.

Commit message:

Move metadata into front matter from YAML files

Diary/2013/japan_holiday/japan_return.md, after:

---
title: Home again from Japan
date: March 30th 2013
images:
- path: p139_lockers.JPG
  tag: Lockers in Osaka
- path: p140_kansai.JPG
  tag: Kansai Airport in Osaka
- path: p141_kansai.JPG
  tag: Kansai Airport in Osaka
- path: p142_plane.JPG
  tag: Plane to Paris from Osaka
- path: p143_spare.JPG
  tag: Two spare seats next to me!
- path: p144_sunset.JPG
  tag: Into the sunset
---
![Lockers in Osaka](p139_lockers.JPG)
Time to leave Japan.  The worst scrum for breakfast so far
in the New Hankyu.  Two together would mean one could hold a
table while the other fetched stuff.  Dire.  Saw European women
who hadn't worked out how to use the orange juice dispensers -
they put the glass down and then by hand pressed the metal bar.

Caught the airport coach from just by the hotel to the
well designed and artistic Kansai Airport.  For some reason
the Japanese called the coach a limousine.  After getting through
the formalities with no fuss I went shopping.  Got a selection
of biscuits to take to work then found a better selection so
wasted some money there - but I was using up the Yen I had.

![Kansai Airport in Osaka](p140_kansai.JPG)
It was a good flight from Kansai to Paris - I had a row of three
seats to myself!  The flight was perhaps 75% full.  And I could
have the Japanese option on the meal.  Didn't need to
take any neurofen to see me through to London where Mr Nelson senior
was there to bring me safely home.

Conclusions.  I greatly enjoyed myself.  Taking a tablet like my iPad
worked well, and people were using them sensibly as cameras.
Japan is easier than I thought for English speakers to get around.
There's a lot more to see in Japan than I managed, but to see it
you need to know the ropes.
