Diary/2012/thursford/index.md, before:

Virginia and I set off at half ten this morning, aiming
to get there in better time than last year.  It was an
awful drive, the rain and particularly spray from lorries
and cars was horrible.  At one point we had to go through
a dirty muddy putrid watersplash on a country road, thanks
to an oncoming vehicle the poor Skoda got drowned in a
yellow tsunami and we were virtually underwater for
a few seconds.

The Satnav once again is taking its revenge for not being
used very often.  It took us on a tour of farmyards
close to Thursford including another water splash rather than
the route everyone else seemed to take.  Perhaps we should update
it.

We did reach the
[Thursford Collection](https://www.thursford.com/) just after it opened that day for the matinee
[Thursford Christmas Spectacular](https://www.thursford.com/christmas-spectacular/) show, ahead of most of the coaches.  A pair of
hardy Mr Pickwicks greeted us, and we found a sandwich bar
with tables to sit at not yet oversubscribed, unlike last
year when we had to perch on a roundabout to have something.

Before the show at 2pm we visited
[Santa's Magical Journey](https://www.thursford.com/santas-magical-journey/)
(which has
a neat Disneyesque series of tableaux to wander through on
your way to Santa's Grotto, sadly Santa himself was out to lunch.)
Fantasy Land was a comfortable place for a comfort break.
The contrast of the steam engines with their valves and
pipes against the ethereal Christmas lights was enchanting.

The Christmas show started at two.  It wasn't the wonderful
novelty of seeing it the last time, second time is always
different.  There were repeated motifs or devices like the
Scottish pipers and drummers, an old school comedian mercifully 	clean, the processing of the
singers round the auditorium with their candles, the amazing
playing on the Wurlitzer organ.  But there
were changes like a Stomp inspired number, and a juggler
who displayed dexterity with diabolos.  Thought had gone
into it all, it wasn't unconscious going through the
motions.  There were innovative touches here and there.

The stage is very wide at Thursford and one could have
used several sets of eyes to see all that was happening.
It was a visual as well as an aural feast with at one point a
spectrum of pastel dresses.

It was just so crowded.  Shopping was like being trapped in a
traffic jam through a village with a one-way system.
Long queues for the toilets.  People chattering
during the performance.  But without all the people
going, all those coaches, this show would not exist.  And
the numbers of fellow show-goers added to the atmosphere,
there's something special about being in such a throng.
An inexpressible feeling.

Commit message:

First stage of moving images into Markdown files

Diary/2012/thursford/index.md, after:

![Entrance to the Thursford Collection](p01_entrance.JPG)
Virginia and I set off at half ten this morning, aiming
to get there in better time than last year.  It was an
awful drive, the rain and particularly spray from lorries
and cars was horrible.  At one point we had to go through
a dirty muddy putrid watersplash on a country road, thanks
to an oncoming vehicle the poor Skoda got drowned in a
yellow tsunami and we were virtually underwater for
a few seconds.

The Satnav once again is taking its revenge for not being
used very often.  It took us on a tour of farmyards
close to Thursford including another water splash rather than
the route everyone else seemed to take.  Perhaps we should update
it.

![Fantasy Land](p04_fantasy.JPG)
We did reach the
[Thursford Collection](https://www.thursford.com/) just after it opened that day for the matinee
[Thursford Christmas Spectacular](https://www.thursford.com/christmas-spectacular/) show, ahead of most of the coaches.  A pair of
hardy Mr Pickwicks greeted us, and we found a sandwich bar
with tables to sit at not yet oversubscribed, unlike last
year when we had to perch on a roundabout to have something.

Before the show at 2pm we visited
[Santa's Magical Journey](https://www.thursford.com/santas-magical-journey/)
(which has
a neat Disneyesque series of tableaux to wander through on
your way to Santa's Grotto, sadly Santa himself was out to lunch.)
Fantasy Land was a comfortable place for a comfort break.
The contrast of the steam engines with their valves and
pipes against the ethereal Christmas lights was enchanting.

![The wide stage](p02_stage.JPG)
The Christmas show started at two.  It wasn't the wonderful
novelty of seeing it the last time, second time is always
different.  There were repeated motifs or devices like the
Scottish pipers and drummers, an old school comedian mercifully 	clean, the processing of the
singers round the auditorium with their candles, the amazing
playing on the Wurlitzer organ.  But there
were changes like a Stomp inspired number, and a juggler
who displayed dexterity with diabolos.  Thought had gone
into it all, it wasn't unconscious going through the
motions.  There were innovative touches here and there.

The stage is very wide at Thursford and one could have
used several sets of eyes to see all that was happening.
It was a visual as well as an aural feast with at one point a
spectrum of pastel dresses.

![The decorated premises](p03_carousel.JPG)
It was just so crowded.  Shopping was like being trapped in a
traffic jam through a village with a one-way system.
Long queues for the toilets.  People chattering
during the performance.  But without all the people
going, all those coaches, this show would not exist.  And
the numbers of fellow show-goers added to the atmosphere,
there's something special about being in such a throng.
An inexpressible feeling.
