@date		28th May 2012
@inset		p13_restaurant.JPG
@markdown
The cruise was on the P&O ship
[Oriana](https://www.pocruises.com/cruise-ships/oriana/).
We ate mostly in the
Peninsular Restaurant, shared an evening table with pleasant
people.  The unhurried meals, meeting new people, is a big draw of
cruising for me.  One evening Virginia and I dined in the Marco
Pierre White directed Ocean Grill which was an artistic experience.

On the first night during our starters the alarm went off, the
tannoy said there was a fire in the engine room, and the crew all
vanished.  There were one or two other hiccups, a thruster failed
leaving Ponta Delgada, the ship lost power during a show.  There
was enthusiastic entertainment, but I spent a lot of time reading.
The cruise had a dancing theme to it, and I lasted half an hour
learning the social waltz before Virginia took pity on me.

@inset		p21_andersons.JPG
@markdown
Internet access was poor to unusable a lot of the time.  It was
crowded at times - a lot of people standing for the muster drill,
in the shows, and even in the cinema.  Our dining table was a
little cramped.

In the end we tipped using envelopes of cash rather than having it
added to our bill.  Heard a story of someone cutting up the note on
tipping, and putting that into an envelope.  One man's mother swore
abusively at a poor pianist just because he didn't let her son play
instead.

We left the ship carrying our own luggage and this meant we got
back home three hours earlier than otherwise.  Definitely worth
doing.
